const MODULES_DATA = [
  {
    id: "overview",
    title: "Overview",
    summary: "This module covers the nervous system and how neurological disorders impact a person's life.",
    image: "/img/neurological-overview.jpg",
    imageAlt: "Photo of the human brain",
    content: `Neurological disorders are conditions that affect your nervous system. This includes the brain, 
            spinal cord, and nerves throughout your body. These conditions can affect how you move, think, speak, 
            and a lot more. The nervous system has two main parts which include the central nervous system and the peripheral 
            nervous system. A neurological disorder appears when something disrupts these systems and how they work/function.

            Common symptoms include headaches, memory loss, muscle weakness, and dizziness.`,
    quizId: "overview"
  },
  {
    id: "types",
    title: "Types of Disorders",
    summary: "This module covers different types of neurological disorders including neurodegenerative diseases, epilepsy, and more.", 
    image: "/img/types-of-neurological-diseases.jpg",
    imageAlt: "Photo of different diseases in the brain",
    content: `There are over 600 known neurological disorders. There are neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's
             that cause damage to nerve cells progressively. Then, there is also Epilepsy which is seizures caused by suddent electrical
             disruptions in the brain. Further, there are neuromuscular disorders like Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), which affects
             the connection between the nervous system and muscles. Also, brain tumors, whether they are infectious or not, can disrupt normal
             brain functions depending on their size and where they grow in the body.`,
    quizId: "types"
  },
  {
    id: "caregivers",
    title: "Caregivers",
    summary: "This module covers daily care and a caregiver's role in supporting patients with neurological conditions.",
    image: "/img/caregivers.jpg",
    imageAlt: "Photo of a caregiver assisting a patient",
    content: `Caring for someone with a neurological disorder requires a lot of knowledge, patience, and support. Caregivers help with daily
             routines such as bathing, dressing, prepping meals, and managing medication for patients. A very important aspect of being a caregiver
             includes safety. This covers modifications like support bars, making sure the patient cannot slip, and removing trip hazards to prevent 
             any falls. It is important for caregivers to recognize signs that a patient needs additional help, such as changes in behavior, seizures,
            or losing consciousness. While taking care of patients is important, it is also important that you take care of yourself as a caregiver!`,
    quizId: "caregivers"
  },
  {
    id: "research",
    title: "Current Research",
    summary: "This module covers recent and ongoing research that is improving the treatment of neurological disorders and their associated effects.",
    image: "/img/research.jpg",
    imageAlt: "Photo of research papers",
    content: `Research in neurological disorders is always advancing. For example, gene therapy is a technique that prevents diseases by modifying or replacing
            a patient's cells, and is showing lots of growth for neurological diseases. There's also brain stimulations that are models used to study Alzheimer's, Parkinson's
            and Epilepsy. They are being refined for Parkinson's disease and other neurological disorders. There's also a lot of ongoing research in stem cells which would allow
            damaged neurons to be replaced in the near future. Luckily, clinical trials around the world are constantly testing new drugs that can help treat these diseases.`, 
    quizId: "research"
  }
];

export default MODULES_DATA;